hello everyone I'm back with another
GoPro tips and tricks video hey guys has
done I'm gonna be doing another video on
the GoPro Hero 3 this is just a tutorial
of the different settings and controls
and different buttons of what they do
and some of the ports and stuff and you
know how to access the battery so our
first we start by turning it on make
sure you are inserted your battery in
the back you just pull off this latitude
special and then you can access the
battery pull that out and the batter it
comes out anyway put your battery in and
then cover on hang it on and you know
you take you'll be taken to a menu
it's the yo menu you can press the mode
button and scroll through the different
settings or modes it's in picture mode
photo burst all different settings this
user settings menu and you can change
the type of quality data films in so if
we select it with the record button you
can select it and change the the frames
per second
you know the pixels and things like that
but if we just get out of this so we can
scroll across so all the things and you
have your capture settings your setup
some default so just get out of that so
you scroll through all the different
things exit and now you can go to your
wireless controls I'll be making another
video how do I set up the GoPro to your
iPhone and wireless remote and then next
week you can delete your files and your
you can just exit that
and I'll teach you how to select so
we're in the video mode so you just
press the record button and you know
it's recording by the red light flashing
to take a picture go to picture mode I'm
not on the burst right now I'm just
taking one picture at a time so if we
click that and it just took a picture
okay so if we look around and you tap
this button twice you notice a blue
light flashing that's how you know the
Wi-Fi is enabled when you actually go
into the Wi-Fi settings it will come up
and just exit that and you can see the
lot Wi-Fi simple in the bottom right
corner of the screen looking at if you
take this cover off you can access your
HDMI port and your USB port for charging
or anything like that and your microSD
get to focus it's a micro SD in there at
the back we have our battery as I said
in that little port there you can attach
the battery pack or the LCD touchscreen
that's a look at the GoPro and thanks
for watching subscribe I'll be uploading
some more things soon thanks